Install info (#244)
mrc-ide/naomi: README.md

Naomi model for subnational HIV estimates

### Installation

The package is not available from [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/).
Instead, the latest version (of this Github repo) may be installed by running the following code from R.

```
# install.packages("devtools") # Uncomment this line if devtools is not yet installed
devtools::install_github("mrc-ide/naomi")
```

### Development steps

* Make changes in a new branch
* Run tests from the command line using `make test` or via R using `devtools::test()` to ensure changes don't cause regressions to existing functionality
* Run build and check before pushing to remote using `make build` and `make check` from command line or `devtools::check()` from R
* When branch is ready for merging create a PR and add a reviewer
* Ensure that the version number has been updated according to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) and add a news item describing the change

> * Reviewer should check code and ensure the build passes on [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/mrc-ide/naomi) before merging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reviewer should check code and ensure the build passes on [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/mrc-ide/naomi) before merging
```

Reviewer: We're actually using buildkite for this now, would be good to update it whilst we're here
